feat(ENG-6319): sanity plugin nacelle references (#208)
getnacelle/nacelle-js: packages/sanity-plugin-nacelle-input/README.md

```js
// example: products ONLY
{
  name: 'productReference',
  title: 'Product',
  type: 'nacelleReference',
  options: {
    dataType: ['products']
  }
}
```

### Data Shape

The custom input component will store a reference object with the following format:

```js
{
  type: 'NacelleReference',
  referenceType: 'PRODUCT', // PRODUCT or COLLECTION
  nacelledEntryId: '123455'
  handle: 'blue-shirt'
  locale: 'en-US'
}
```

> ## Backwards compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Backward compatibility with `@nacelle/sanity-plugin-pim-linker`
```

> A backwards compatible custom input called `nacelleData` is also inlcuded. This input stores only the `handle` of a particular product or collection.

Reviewer: I think we should be explicit about what this is backwards-compatible with:

```suggestion
For projects that were using [@nacelle/sanity-plugin-pim-linker](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nacelle/sanity-plugin-pim-linker) for product/collection references, we provide a backward-compatible custom input called `nacelleData`. This input stores only the `handle` of a particular product or collection rather than a structured `nacelleReference` object.
```
